Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Hey. Sorry. buddy.
This is fucking killing me.
Yeah. I know.
Well. look.
Wallace is a tough prosecutor.
She did everything by the book.
She was. she was clean.
Cooperman's on Davis's advisory board.
It's too late for that.
Way past a governor's reprieve.
What time is it?
You got a couple hours.
Is there anything I can do?
No. No. I'm. uh...
I'm gonna...
Look. I'm. uh. just...
sit here for a while.
Yeah.
If you need anything. let me know.
Thank you.
At this point.
we have no stays or reprieves
from the governor's office.
This execution will continue.
Do you have any last words?
To my mom and my family.
God bless you guys.
I'm all right with this.
'cause-'cause I know the truth.
To JT...
you believed me. man.
You were the only one.
You tried.
Have you finished?
Let the execution proceed.
12:15 a.m.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
So what kind of work do you do. Billy?
I'm a lawyer.
Oh. a lawyer. That makes perfect sense.
How's that?
Well. troublemaker like Marisol
could always use a good lawyer.
- Huh?
- Stop it.
Ah. she hates it when I tease her.
You should have told me
you were having a party.
Are you thirsty. Billy?
- Yeah. I could use a drink.
- Yeah. please. this way.
Here in Mexico. we have
a tradition of quinceañera.
when a girl becomes a woman.
Do you have any children. Billy?
Yeah. I got a daughter.
She's amazing. She's
volunteering for my campaign.
If Marisol likes her.
she must be very special.
Yeah. she's the center
of my universe. all right.
- Gracias.
¿Salud?
Okay.
- Oh. yeah. sorry about that.
- Mm.
- Here's to you.
Yeah. You were thirsty.
What's up. party people? How is everyone?
Welcome!
How lovely that we are all
here on this beautiful day
because we are celebrating
a very important day in
the life of a woman.
Or in this case.
women.
Because today we celebrate...
The Quinceañera.
Of Paz and Mercedes!
I speak for your parents.
for our Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ.
And for myself.
DJ Diego Spinz.
When I say.
Paz and Mercedes.
Happy Quinceañera.
And now.
Our gracious host and patron.
Paz and Mercedes' esteemed godfather.
Mr. Gabriel Ortega.
will you do the honors?
Welcome to my home. everyone.
For me it is an honor
to be the host of this great event
and to be the godfather of
these two beautiful princesses.
Today we recognize these girls
as they become women.
If they are good women.
their lives will be blessed by God.
Congratulations.
A round of applause
for my two Cinderellas.
You're very stiff.
Well. of course I'm stiff.
I told you. I can't fucking dance.
- Just-just go left and right.
- Yeah. okay.
- Like that?
- Yes. exactly.
Okay. great.
So was your childhood like this?
I mean. this is pretty ritzy. you know.
I thought you had humble beginnings.
I never had a quinceañera.
Yeah. Why's that?
Because I went to the States
before I turned 15.
Hmm. Maybe they'll give you
some kind of honorary
- diploma or something.
- No. thank you.
Or whatever.
I think it's a ridiculous tradition.
You know. girls dressed up like
dolls because they became women.
I don't know. They should want
something better than that.
Yeah. they'll figure it out.
- Just give them time.
- Ugh.
I don't want to be 15 again.
- Ugh. I know that.
- Yeah. me either.
Wouldn't mind being 19 again. though.
You know?
See. that's better than
dancing. isn't it?
A little better.
So. I'm feeling kind of like
I need to check in with Denise.
but my cell phone won't work up here.
- Is there anyplace you can go that...?
- Oh. yeah.
Yeah. we're in a very remote place.
but there's a satellite phone
in the billiard room.
- Yeah? Yeah?
- Yeah. you can go if you want.
- They won't mind me using it?
- Mm-mm.
Yeah. Oh. Lipstick?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. You sure?
- Yeah. it's fine.
- Okay. I'll be back in a minute.
How many cards do we have?
Okay. so you should have five cards.
And you want
to keep anything that's a pair.
Or anything that's.
like. really exciting.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right. I want four back. please.
Oh.
Now I'm gonna put
the top one that I had on top.
Four. Uh. you guys...
Ooh. you're gonna kill me.
You're gonna kill me.
No.
Did you beat that?
And I beat an eight.
You got to beat a queen.
You got to still beat a queen.
You still got to beat a queen.
He's got to...
Hey.
You somewhere you can talk?
Yeah. What's up?
Think we're fucked. Keith.
How do you mean?
Just heard someone's flipping.
Can't get ahold of Tom.
And what do you think we should do?
- You think it's Tom?
- It's got to be.
It's not you. It's not me.
Not like Tom not to return my calls.
He's gonna fuck us to save his own ass.
Yeah.
Sounds like something he'd do.
Look. um...
I can't do this over the phone.
Can we meet somewhere?
Just-just come up with a plan?
Yeah. Yeah. it's a good idea.
We got to get out of this.
I'll text you where.
What a fucking prick.
Sounds like something I'd do?
Fuck that guy.
- I think he's onto us.
- He's onto us.
Yeah. I bet he knew
I was listening. He knew.
Is that really what's
fucking important right now?
Danny. I can tell you're stressed out.
so I'm gonna let this one slide.
Do what you need to do.
Be a big boy about it.
Hello.
Hey. honey.
Oh. hey. Dad.
I'm not offended at all
that you thought I needed
a babysitter all weekend.
- Yeah. whatever.
- Hi. Billy.
- Tell Brittany hey.
- He says hi.
- So how's your romantic getaway?
- Oh. it's all right so far.
- Wear a condom!
- Ew.
Tell her. "Why start now?
Ruin my record."
- Gross.
- Anyway.
I don't have cell service down here.
so I'm on this satellite phone.
Just in case you need something.
I want to give you the number. all right?
- Now. you got a pen?
- Yeah. go ahead.
Okay. Hang on.
Are you enjoying your romantic getaway?
Why did you make me bring him here?
We needed to keep him away from Julio.
If that's your reason. I could
have taken him anywhere.
Also. given his reputation.
I wanted to meet him.
I expected someone with a little more...
with more personality. no?
I've made peace with Julio.
That was your choice.
But I care about Billy.
Give me your word
that you will treat him well.
I don't appreciate how you
flaunt him in front of me.
He's a good man. Gabriel.
And I need him.
For what?
For your campaign?
For many things.
Are you in love with him?
You're a fool.
In love with a fantasy.
Do you think he would love you
if he knew who you really are?
- Be nice.
- Or what?
Or I won't give you my city.
You've been away so long.
you've turned into a gringa.
You forget who I am.
Claudia.
Don't call me that.
Fuck did you find this place?
So...
No one else is here.
I don't have my gun.
Okay.
Let's just get this over with.
What are you talking about. man?
I know you know.
That's why I chose this spot.
Make it easier on you.
You won't get caught.
Mary gets a bigger payout if I'm dead.
Why the fuck would you do this. man?
Oh. come on. Fuck you. Danny.
- You put me in this position.
- No. no. no! Don't give me
- that fucking shit! No. no. no!
- I had no choice.
You're a grown fucking man!
You made your own fucking decisions!
Do not pin this on me.
Why you? Huh?
Why'd he send you?
I volunteered. you fucking prick.
The fuck you did.
You're too weak.
- Tom owns you.
- Fuck you.
- Tom didn't fucking turn on me.
- Not yet.
You better hope
you can pull that trigger.
You think I'm a pussy? Huh?
- You don't think I can do it?
- I wish.
I want you to.
That way. Mary never finds out
what the fuck we've done.
And I don't have to rat out
my best friend.
Just make sure nothing happens
to her and the kids. Okay?
That's the least you can do.
I'm gonna turn around.
Fuck.
You help us both out.
Hey.
- Hey. you found me.
- Yeah. finally.
It's a big fucking joint.
My God. this bathrobe. I...
It was so big for me when I was little.
but I loved it.
I loved feeling cozy in it.
What's wrong?
Is that your diary?
You don't want me to see
your baby diary. do you?
No. it's just. uh...
It's a book my brother did for me.
Nice.
- It's our story.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh. that's cool. Hmm.
Well. looks like a pretty good
little artist when he was a kid.
Well. she fell down.
The hell is that?
That's a little dark for a kid
to be drawing. isn't it?
My parents were murdered.
I'm sorry.
I. uh...
I was very little.
And I came here and lived
with Gabriel's family.
They adopted me.
He became my brother and protected me.
I see. Sorry. I didn't mean
to make light of that.
I didn't. I didn't know.
- No.
- You know. you never said anything.
Just don't love to talk about it.
Yeah. I don't blame you. Sorry.
Hey. Oh. you found the book.
You know. I made that for her
before she left to America.
Yeah. she said.
She left it behind.
- I didn't leave it behind.
- You "forgot" it.
You forgot who you are.
No. I haven't forgotten.
Why do you care if it's here?
You know. Billy. um. Marisol and I.
we used to share this bed as children.
She used to be scared of the dark.
- Yeah. I still am.
- Mm.
We shared this bed...
you're gonna hate me
for telling this story...
we shared this bed
until the night Marisol
got her first period.
- Okay. We are done.
- She was freaking out
because she thought
she was dying. of course.
The blood coming out of her.
And then I was just in-in shock
- because I didn't know what to do.
- Mm-hmm.
You were gonna show me the town. right?
Yes. let's go. Let's go.
Billy's a grown man. right?
Your brother's an interesting character.
Yeah. you are being polite.
No. it's just being home.
Yeah.
I haven't been back
to my home in... Oh. God.
That was when...
I'll probably never go back.
You see the lazo?
That represents their everlasting union.
They're bound forever.
Yup.
Hey. buddy.
I'll distract her. You-you make
a run for it. all right?
- Gracias. gracias.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Billy. Don't ruin their wedding day.
- What?
Well. he didn't know what
I was talking about. anyway.
It's taken care of.
All of them.
No. I did it.
Hey. you know the sister over there?
I think so.
Do you pray?
Oh. God. no.
I'm sorry.
No. I-I wish. I don't pray.
So...
Why don't I just wait outside
for you. okay?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Take your time.
It's good to see you. Sister.
You are not welcome in the house of God.
Get out of here!
You disgrace me!
Get out!
See? That's what I'm saying.
They're trying to fuck me up
with a confidential warrant
for some weed?
Motherfuckers are getting
licenses to sell this shit.
- I've got a weed card.
- Dude. you asked me to get JT here.
and he's here. so chill. Let him do
- his work. okay?
- Yeah. I wanted him because
he helped my cousin and he
knows what the fuck he's doing.
- I don't know you.
- All right. if you don't need me here.
- then whatever.
- Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
I apologize. okay?
I respect you.
Give him the fucking phone.
I'm listening.
How does this snitch shit work?
'Cause I heard about
some shit that's going down.
Not here. but I know where.
Some... kid.
Could I get a deal for that?
That depends.
Let's hear what you got.
- A plantano?
- A plátano.
- That's a banana. isn't it?
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah?
- You're picking up
a lot of Spanish here very quickly.
Well. now. that one I heard before.
We used to make jokes about that one.
- About plátanos?
- Yeah.
I-I had a friend from...
- Señora Silva.
- Yes?
- The campaign.
- Oh.
- Uh-huh.
- I hope it's good news.
I hope so. It might take a while.
- That's all right. Take your time.
- Good.
- Hey. Billy.
- Hey. what's up?
- You like the town?
- Yeah. yeah.
I didn't get to see much. but yeah. sure.
- Yeah. it's a nice town.
- Yeah.
They're very poor.
but. um... good people.
Yeah. I'm sure.
Do you know what I do. Billy?
To tell you the truth.
she didn't tell me about you.
Really? Oh. that's strange.
We're very close. you know.
Well. she's. uh.
she's a little secretive.
She tends to keep things
under her hat. you know?
Mm. Would you like me
to show you around the property?
Yeah. sure.
Ah. let's go. Please. after you.
Thanks.
Ah. look at this.
Very bad year for the Cabernet grapes.
You know much about wine. Billy?
No. I don't know shit about wine.
Ah. you're more of a bourbon man. huh?
- Yeah. exactly.
- I respect that.
Oh. please. don't-don't mind them.
So. look. I got a question about Marisol.
Okay.
What happened to her parents?
Ah. it's very sad.
Her parents owed money
to the cartel. and...
they couldn't pay.
so they paid with their lives.
- Which cartel?
- Oh. they're long gone.
It's a very peaceful town now.
Yeah. I can see.
Pretty good at keeping the peace there.
- Well. some people want what I have.
- Yeah.
Billy. Billy. Eduardo.
- How you doing?
- Hola.
Eduardo's been working for
the family for a very long time.
- Sí. sí.
- Uh. he's a very loyal man.
I'm also a surgeon. Billy.
No. No. No. no. no.
Yeah. nice to meet you.
You're the first
hobby surgeon I ever met.
Ah. it's a poor town.
I'm the only surgeon around.
Feel like. uh.
like it's my duty. you know?
- Hmm.
- Would you like to
see my operation room?
It's. uh. very state-of-the-art.
Uh...
- things like that kind of creep me out.
- Hmm.
I probably better get back to the gal.
She's a complicated woman.
Yeah. She ain't your average bear.
I think. Billy. you're in
a honeymoon phase with her.
She's not a woman
who can be controlled. you know.
You ever met one that could be?
What exactly are your intentions
with my sister?
My intentions?
Mm-hmm.
Well. not that it's anybody's business.
but I don't have any specific intentions.
I just kind of watch and wait.
She's grown. So am I.
Thanks for the tour.
Of course.
They're not gonna shoot me. are they?
No. No. Please.
- All right.
- I'm not a monster.
- Step.
- Yeah. watch out.
All right.
All right. I'll be there in a second.
- Give me a minute.
- Hey.
I've been trying to call Billy.
I can't get him.
What the fuck happened?
Someone got to Roman and his family.
What about the kids?
Jesus Christ.
Wha... What about the cop
that was watching him?
They got to him. too.
I mean. how does this fucking happen?
Someone knew what they were doing.
That's how this fucking happens.
So what does this mean for Julio now?
I'm gonna run it by the D.A.
No promises. but I'm gonna
recommend we drop the charges.
Yeah. but we don't have
Roman's testimony...
Yes. I heard enough to know
that the kid didn't kill anyone.
But whatever this is.
it's beyond Julio. Excuse me.
Yeah?
Hey.
Just tell me. was this the cartel?
We don't know for sure.
But if it is the cartel...
and I'm speculating... but if...
What do you mean you're speculating?
If it was the cartel. once someone flips
and they're taken out. it's over.
Okay?
Yeah. okay. right.
Patty. look...
Hey. this is Billy.
- Leave a message.
- Fuck.
Hi. Denise. This is Patty.
Yeah. been a long time.
Listen. I'm trying
to get ahold of your dad.
He's where? Why?
Never mind. Ju...
Yes. text me the number.
No. everything's fine. Everything's fine.
Just. if-if you get ahold of
him. okay. tell him to call me.
Okay. thank you. Bye. Bye.
Damn it.
- I'm sorry. okay?
- It's fine.
- This is not your fault.
- I don't think it's my fault.
Can I give you a ride home?
I have my car. thank you.
Hi. I'm calling for Billy McBride.
Billy McBride.
Play that pretty song you played before.
The fuck are you?
I'm JT. I'm a friend of Billy's.
I'm sorry I startled you.
Okay. yeah.
- So. what. can I help you?
- Well. I hope so.
I'm looking for Billy.
There's. uh...
there's something going on.
Well. he's not here. He's in Mexico.
and apparently he'll be back tomorrow.
This won't wait.
Well. I don't know what to tell you
'cause I've been trying
to get ahold of him. too.
It's Julio.
I-I think he's in trouble.
- What do you mean?
- I don't know exactly.
It could be nothing. but. uh...
I don't want to chance it.
Señora. like I said. Mr. McBride
is not in at the moment.
I'll take the message for you. Okay?
Yes. Patty S.D. Patty S.P.
Uh. emergency at home.
Okay. Yes.
I'll make sure he gets it.
Adios.
Listen. he was right about Tito.
We have to get the kid
released immediately.
Okay. let me see if I can
get Wallace on the phone.
Or whatever judge is available.
- It doesn't matter.
- Okay. listen.
Wallace knows the case. and she knows JT.
- She's our best bet.
- Fuck. Fine.
Just please hurry. okay?
Fuck you!
Why did you bring me here?
I just thought we needed to get away.
You just seem kind of
uncomfortable with your brother
and your memories and all that.
I wanted you to know who I am.
Where I'm from.
And my life is not perfect.
Whose life is perfect?
What are you doing? Enough!
What are you doing. Claudia?
That's my robe!
I wasn't finished!
You're an animal.
Cover yourself.
Now you know how I feel.
Sit with me.
Sit down. Clau.
Please.
The lawyer will find out
you're lying. then what?
You think about the future of others.
but can't see the future
for yourself. Claudia.
I will always be here for you. Claudia.
You know what needs to be done.
I don't want anything to happen to him.
Eh.
Shh.
Clau.
nothing's happened yet.
I know this guy. he'll never let it go.
I don't have to do it myself.
We can do it simple. Easy.
I'll hire outside people.
it won't trace back to us.
Just say the word.
Do you mind if I sit?
Are you going somewhere?
No. I'm just-just gonna ride the rails.
Look at some sky.
You're worried about Billy.
He'll blame himself.
I know I did.
We can be pretty hard on ourselves.
- Even you?
- Even me.
You know. there ought to be
an investigation into the death
- of the Suarez kid.
- He wrote out his confession.
That's bullshit and you know it.
Until someone opens an investigation
and that case crosses my desk...
Enough.
This is exactly why
I can't do this anymore.
Well. I wish you could.
'Cause we miss you.
I'm around.
I had a dream about us last night.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah.
What kind of dream?
That we were married.
- Really?
- Is that crazy?
I've heard crazier things.
I...
I want you to tell me that you love me.
Okay.
You go first.
I do.
I love you.
Señor McBride.
There's a urgent phone call
for you from a Patty...
- I really didn't get her last name.
- Yeah. yeah.
Okay. I know who it is.
All right. sweetie. we'll
continue this conversation?
- Yeah.
- All right. Sorry.
She's got shitty timing. She always has.
Thanks. buddy.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm